[IMP] crm: create new quotation (#6683)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/crm/acquire_leads/send_quotes.rst

     information provided on the :guilabel:`Opportunity`. For example, if an email address is
     provided, Odoo will use that information to determine a customer name, if possible.
   - :guilabel:`Link to an existing customer`: opens a drop-down field with existing customer names.
     Select a name to link this new quotation to the existing customer record.
   - :guilabel:`Do not link to a customer`: no changes made to the customer information.

Once this button is clicked, a :guilabel:`New Quotation` form appears. Confirm the information in
the top half of the form, and update any missing or incorrect fields:

- :guilabel:`Customer`: the company or contact this quotation was created for.
- :guilabel:`Referrer`: if this customer was referred by another customer or contact, select it from
  the drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Invoice Address`: physical address where the invoice should be sent.
- :guilabel:`Delivery Address`: physical address where any products should be delivered.
- :guilabel:`Quotation Template`: if applicable, select a pre-configured quotation template.
- :guilabel:`Expiration`: date when this quotation is no longer valid.

> - :guilabel:`Quotation Date`: creation date of draft/sent orders, confirmation date of confirmed

Author: nice catch, looks like debug mode has to be on for this field to be visible. I will note that 👍

   :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration --> Sales Orders --> Quotation Templates`. Click
   on a template to open it, and update the number in the :guilabel:`Quotation Validity` field.

Order lines
-----------

After updating the customer, payment, and deadline information on the new quotation, the
:guilabel:`Order Lines` can be updated with the appropriate product information.

On the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab, click :guilabel:`Add a product`. Type the name of an item into
the :guilabel:`Product` field to search through the product catalog. Select a product from the
drop-down menu, or create a new one by selecting :guilabel:`Create` or :guilabel:`Create and Edit`.
After selecting a product, update the :guilabel:`Quantity` if necessary. Confirm the information in
the remaining fields.

To remove the line from the quotation, click the :guilabel:`🗑️ (trash can)` icon.

Repeat the steps above until the quotation is complete.

Preview and send
================

To see a preview of the quotation as the customer will see it, click :guilabel:`Preview`. Doing so
opens a preview in the :guilabel:`Customer Portal`.

> After reviewing the customer preview, click :guilabel:`Return to edit mode`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After reviewing the customer preview, click :guilabel:`Return to edit mode` to return to the
quotation form in the backend.
```

> When the quotation is ready to deliver to the customer, click :guilabel:`Send by Email`. This opens
> a pop-up window with a pre-configured email message. Information from the quotation, including the
> contact information, total cost, and quotation title will be imported from the quotation. A PDF of
> the quotation is added as an attachment to the email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the quotation is ready to deliver to the customer, click the :guilabel:`Send by Email` button.

Doing so opens a pop-up window with a pre-configured email message. Information from the quotation,
including the contact information, total cost, and quotation title are be imported from the
quotation.

A PDF of the quotation is added as an attachment to the email.
```

.. note::

>    A pre-loaded template is used to create the email message. To alter the template, click the
>    internal link to the right of the :guilabel:`Load template` field. To select a new template,
>    select an option from the :guilabel:`Load template` drop-down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A pre-loaded template is used to create the email message. To alter the template, click the
   internal link to the right of the :guilabel:`Load template` field, located at the bottom of the
   email pop-up window.
   
   To select a new template, select an option from the :guilabel:`Load template` drop-down menu.
```

> Make any necessary changes to the email, then click :guilabel:`Send`. A copy of the message is added
> to the *Chatter* of the of the record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proceed to make any necessary changes to the email, then click :guilabel:`Send`. A copy of the
message is added to the *Chatter* of the of the record.
```

.. seealso::
   - `Quotation templates </applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template/>`_
   - `Optional products </applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/optional_products/>`_
   - `Quotation deadlines </applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/deadline/>`_

> Mark an opportunity won or lost
> ===============================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mark an opportunity "won" or "lost"
===================================
```
purely just a suggestion. I just think the use of "" here makes things a little clearer ... but totally your call 👍

Author: I see your point, but I am not sure how I feel about adding quotations in a heading. I would almost rather capitalize them (even if that is against normal formatting). @samueljlieber do you want to weigh in on this one?

Reviewer 2: Neither.
This is regular terminology in the sales industry so does not require special formatting. Not proper nouns so does not require capitalization.

> In order to keep the pipeline up to date and accurate, opportunities need to be identified as won
> or lost once a customer has responded to a quotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to keep the pipeline up-to-date and accurate, opportunities need to be identified as "won"
or "lost" once a customer has responded to a quotation.
```

Author: same as before, I don't know if I love the idea of adding quotes, but maybe italicizing here?

Reviewer 2: Same here, quotes or formatting isn't necessary

> From the quotation form, return to the opportunity using the breadcrumbs at the top left of the
> record. Or navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Sales --> My Pipeline` and click on the correct
> opportunity to open it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mark an opportunity as "won" or "lost," return to the opportunity using the breadcrumbs at the
top-left of the quotation form. Or navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Sales --> My Pipeline`
and click on the correct opportunity to open it.
```

> At the top left of the form, click on either :guilabel:`Won` or :guilabel:`Lost`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the top-left of the form, click on either the :guilabel:`Won` or :guilabel:`Lost` button.
```

> If the opportunity it marked *Won*, a green *Won* banner is added to the record, and it is moved to
> the :guilabel:`Won` stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the opportunity is marked *Won*, a green :guilabel:`Won` banner is added to the record, and it is
moved to the :guilabel:`Won` stage.
```
Used a GUI here because the word "WON" actually appears on the UI.

> Marking an opportunity as *Lost*, opens the :guilabel:`Lost Reason`. From the drop-down, choose an
> existing lost reason. If no applicable reason is available, create a new one by entering it into the
> :guilabel:`Lost Reason` field, and clicking :guilabel:`Create`. Additional notes and comments can be
> added below the lost reason designated in the :guilabel:`Lost Reason` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marking an opportunity as *Lost*, via the :guilabel:`Lost` button opens a :guilabel:`Mark Lost`
pop-up window, where a :guilabel:`Lost Reason` can be entered.

From the :guilabel:`Lost Reason` drop-down field, choose an existing lost reason. If no applicable
reason is available, create a new one by entering it into the :guilabel:`Lost Reason` field, and
clicking :guilabel:`Create`.

Additional notes and comments can be added in the :guilabel:`Closing Note` field.
```

> When all the desired information has been entered in the Lost Reason pop-up window, click Submit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When all the desired information has been entered in the :guilabel:`Mark Lost` pop-up window, click
:guilabel:`Mark as Lost`.
```

> Upon clicking :guilabel:`Submit`, the pop-up window disappears, and Odoo returns to the lead detail
> form, where a new red :guilabel:`Lost` banner is now present in the upper-right corner of the lead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon clicking :guilabel:`Mark as Lost`, the pop-up window disappears, and Odoo returns to the
opportunity form, where a new red :guilabel:`Lost` banner is now present in the upper-right corner
of the opportunity.
```

> Once an opportunity is marked as *lost*, it is no longer considered active and is removed from the
> pipeline. In order to view a *lost* lead from the pipeline, select either :guilabel:`Lost` or
> :guilabel:`Archived` from the :guilabel:`Search bar`.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once an opportunity is marked as *lost*, it is no longer considered active, and it is removed from
the pipeline.

In order to view a *lost* lead/opportunity from the pipeline, click the :guilabel:`down arrow icon`
to the right of the search bar, and select either :guilabel:`Lost` or :guilabel:`Archived` from the
drop-down menu that appears.
```

Author: Need to change this up slightly, as you can't view a lost lead from the pipeline, only an opportunity. But accepting the rest of the changes

.. important::

>    While opportunities that have been marked as *lost* are considered *archived*, be advised that in
>    order for an opportunity to be included as *lost* in reporting, it **must** be specifically
>    marked as *lost*, not *archived*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   While opportunities that have been marked as *Lost* are considered *Archived*, be advised that,
   in order for an opportunity to be included as *Lost* in reporting, it **must** be specifically
   marked as *Lost*, not *Archived*.
```
